Welcome to the course {{ course_name }}.

The basic e-mail communication with me works exactly the same way as with VELS.

There are just a few new rules for MELODI:

1) Task Request:
    You cannot request a task on your own. You will get the first task
    automatically (should already be in your mailbox, cause I am fast).
    After sucessful submission, you will receive the next task on the list.

2) Guided Task Version:
    You will always get a guided version of any MELODI task first.
    Here you have to program a certain behavior, which is analyzed by me.
    I will give you behavioral feedback and only if your submission is correct,
    I will forward it to my hardware.
    BE AWARE that my analysis might take some time (up to a few minutes), so please
    do not use me for syntax checking but only submit solutions, which you have 
    tested well before.

3) Open Task Version:
    After finishing the guided version, you will automatically get an open version.
    Here you can add any behavior you want and I will forward it to the hardware.
    BE AWARE that the hardware might not react, when your submission is nonsense.
    And of course: Don't be evil!

4) Web-Interface
    On my web-interface you will be greeted with a loading bar and a webcam stream.
    When the synthesis has finished, you can interact with your entity via the 
    Write-Buttons and Read-Fields. You have a maximum of 15 minutes to access the
    website. After opening the website, I will block my hardware for you for
    15 minutes. You have the chance to renew the timer on the website. If time 
    is over or if you leave the website, I will kick you out of my hardware.

5) BETA Status:
    I am still in beta status, so don't hate me when I might be confused 
    sometimes or decide to crash.
    Please always provide my human creators with feedback so that they can 
    flip one or two of my bits and help me to improve!

Hope this clears things on how to communicate with me! Now I am looking
forward to hearing from you in a structured and (for me!) understandable
way!



So long, and thanks for all the fish!
