Hi,

you just sent an e-mail to {{ submission_email }}. All e-mail sent
to this address is automatically handled by me, a stupid little computer
program.

Unfortunately, your message does not make any sense to me, therefore I will
give you some hints on how to communicate with me:

I only accept very few emails, notably the subject has to be formatted in
one of the following ways:

Results:
   If you want to commit a result, the Subject of your email has to contain
   the word "Result" as well as the task number this submission is concerning.
   So for example, if you want to submit results for Task1 your subject
   could be "Result Task1" or "I am Submitting my ReSuLtS for TAsk1"
   the exact phrase does not matter, only that some form of the string
   "Result" and "Task1" are in the subject.

{% if allow_requests != "no" %}Request Task:
   You can request a specific task by sending an e-mail in which the
   subject contains the word "Request" as well as the task you want 
   to get. So for example, if you want to get the Task1 your subject
   could be "Request Task1" or "I want to ReQuEsT the TAsk1"
   the exact phrase does not matter, only that some form of the string
   "Request" and "Task1" are in the subject.

{% endif -%}
Task List:
   If you want to know what tasks are configured for this course just 
   send an e-mail in which the subject contains the word "List".

Status:
   If you want to know your current status in the course (what tasks did
   you complete, how many points do you have, etc.), just send an e-mail
   in which the subject contains the word "Status".

Questions:
   If you have any questions that are not answered by the e-mails sent by
   me, you can send me an e-mail in which the subject contains the word "Question".
   If you do so, I will redirect your e-mail to a human being who will
   take care of it as soon as possible.
   If your question is concerning a specific task, include the task number in
   the subject line, e.g.: "Question Task3".

Other:
   If you send any other text in the subject that does not follow the above
   rules, I will send you this e-mail... over and over again...

Hope this clears things on how to communicate with me! Now I am looking
forward to hearing from you in a structured and (for me!) understandable
way!


So long, and thanks for all the fish!
