Welcome to the course {{ course_name }}.

The basic e-mail communication with me works exactly the same way as with VELS.

There are just a few new rules for MELODI:

1) Guided Task Version (Beginner Level):
    You always get a guided version of a MELODI task first. There I have divided them
    according to levels, which reflect the degree of complexity. You start with the
    most minor level (level 1) and work your way up level by level. 
    You have to program a specific behavior at each level, which I analyze for you.
    I will give you behavioral feedback, and I will forward it to my hardware only 
    if your submission is correct.
    BE AWARE that my analysis might take some time (up to a few minutes)! 
    Therefore, please do not use me for syntax checking! 
    Only submit solutions you have tested sufficiently beforehand!

2) Open Task Version (Expert Level):
    To participate in the Expert Level, you must have completed all Beginner Levels.
    You can add any behaviors to these tasks, which I will then pass on to the hardware. 
    Let your creativity run wild and come up with outstanding solutions. We'll reward
    fancy implementations with sweet bonus points! Be aware that the hardware 
    may not respond if your input is nonsensical.
    And, of course, don't be evil!

3) Web-Interface
    You will be greeted with a loading bar and webcam stream on my web interface. 
    When the synthesis has finished, you can interact with your entity through
    the Write-Buttons and Read-Fields. You have a maximum of 15 minutes to access 
    the website. After you open the website, I will lock my hardware for you for 
    15 minutes. You have the option to extend the timer on the website. 
    When the time is up or you leave the website, I will kick you out of my hardware.

4) BETA Status:
    I am still in beta status, so don't hate me when I might be confused 
    sometimes or decide to crash.
    Please always provide my human creators with feedback so that they can 
    flip one or two of my bits and help me to improve (melodi@tuwien.ac.at)!

Hope this clears things on how to communicate with me! Now I am looking
forward to hearing from you in a structured and (for me!) understandable
way!



So long, and thanks for all the fish!
