Welcome to the course <COURSENAME>.

You just sent your first e-mail to <SUBMISSIONEMAIL>. This way
you subscribed to this part of the course. Very shortly you will receive
an e-mail with your first task. But to start you need to know a little
more than just the task. Most importantely: all e-mails sent to this
address are automatically handled by me, a stupid little computer program.

In order to submit your results, you need to know how to communicate with
me. I only accept specially formatted emails, notably the subject has to
be formatted in one of the following ways:

Results:
   If you want to commit a result, the Subject of your email has to contain
   the word "Result" as well as the task this submission is concerning.
   So for example, if you want to submit results for Task1 your subject
   could be "Result Task1" or "I am Submitting my ReSuLtS for TAsk1"
   the exact phrase does not matter, only that some form of the string
   "Result" and "Task1" are in the subject.

Skipping:
   If you cannot solve a task, you can get the next task by sending an
   e-mail in which the subject contains the word "Skip". If there is 
   a next task, which is active, the task description of the next task
   will be sent to you. "Skipping" does not hinder you to send results 
   for the task you "skipped", as long as that task's deadline was not 
   reached.

Status:
   If you want to know your current status in the course (what tasks did
   you complete, how many points do you have, etc.), just send an e-mail
   in which the subject contains the word "Status".

Questions:
   If you have any questions that are not answered by the e-mails sent by
   me, you can send me an e-mail in which the subject contains the word "Question".
   If you do so, I will redirect your e-mail to a human being who will
   take care of it as soon as possible.
   If your question is concerning a specific task, include the task number in
   the subject line, e.g.: "Question Task3".

Other:
   If your subject does not follow the above explained rules, I will send
   you an e-mail similar to this one, because clearly you did not understand
   how to communicate with me.

Hope this clears things on how to communicate with me! Now I am looking
forward to hearing from you in a structured and (for me!) understandable
way!


So long, and thanks for all the fish!
